Fix some minor technical issues in commands (#405)
Mirantis/mke-docs: content/docs/getting-started/create-cluster.md

   - Specify the external address in the in `apiServer.externalAddress` field.
     The external address is the domain name of the load balancer configured
     as described in [System Requirements: Load balancer](../system-requirements#load-balancer-requirements).

{{< callout type="important" >}}
You may need to add the SSH private key to your identity manager in order for mkectl to connect to it.

> With ssh-agent:
> 
> ssh-add <path_to_your_SSH_private_key>
> Without ssh-agent, ensure that the SSH private key is accessible at the path specified in the keyPath field of the mke4.yaml configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With ssh-agent:

   ```
   ssh-add <path_to_your_SSH_private_key>
   ```

- Without ssh-agent, ensure that the SSH private key is accessible at the path specified in the keyPath field of the mke4.yaml configuration file.
```

> 3. You may need to add the SSH keys to your identity manager for `mkectl` to be able to connect to them.
> 
>    If you are using `ssh-agent`, you can add the keys with the following command:
> 
>    ```shell
>    ssh-add <path_to_your_private_key>
>    ```
> 
>    If you are not using `ssh-agent`, ensure that the private key is accessible at the path specified in the `keyPath` field of the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< callout type="important" >}}
You may need to add the SSH private key to your identity manager in order for `mkectl` to connect to it.

- With `ssh-agent`:

   ```shell
   ssh-add <path_to_your_SSH_private_key>
   ```

- Without `ssh-agent`, ensure that the SSH private key is accessible at the path specified in the `keyPath` field of the ``mke4.yaml`` configuration file.
{{< /callout >}}
```

>    If you are not using `ssh-agent`, ensure that the private key is accessible at the path specified in the `keyPath` field of the configuration file.

Reviewer: @tppolkow, as discussed in Slack, I suggest you transform this third step into an **Important** directive, as follows:

{{< callout type="important" >}}
You may need to add the SSH private key to your identity manager in order for `mkectl` to connect to it.

- With `ssh-agent`:

   ```shell
   ssh-add <path_to_your_SSH_private_key>
   ```

- Without `ssh-agent`, ensure that the SSH private key is accessible at the path specified in the `keyPath` field of the ``mke4.yaml`` configuration file.
{{< /callout >}}

Reviewer: @tppolkow, unfortunately GitHub did not capture the actual markdown formatting (instead, it presented my proposed edit already formatted). Will try again using the codeblock formatting:

```
{{< callout type="important" >}}
You may need to add the SSH private key to your identity manager in order for mkectl to connect to it.

- With ssh-agent:

   ```
   ssh-add <path_to_your_SSH_private_key>
   ```

- Without ssh-agent, ensure that the SSH private key is accessible at the path specified in the keyPath field of the mke4.yaml configuration file.
{{< /callout >}}
```
